Renew profile (#1136)
sonata-project/SonataUserBundle: docs/reference/advanced_configuration.rst

        profile:
            default_avatar: 'bundles/sonatauser/default_avatar.png' # Default avatar displayed if the user doesn't have one

>             template:       'SonataUserBundle:Profile:action.html.twig' # or 'SonataUserBundle:Profile:action_with_customer_menu.html.twig'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            template:       '@SonataUser/Profile/action.html.twig' # or '@SonataUser/Profile/action_with_customer_menu.html.twig'
```

            menu_builder:   'sonata.user.profile.menu_builder.default'

            menu:
                -
                    route: 'sonata_user_profile_dashboard'
                    label: 'link_show_profile'
                    domain: 'SonataUserBundle'
                    route_parameters:  {}

            blocks:
                -
                    position: left
                    type: sonata.user.block.account
                    settings:

>                         template: 'SonataUserBundle:Block:account_dashboard.html.twig'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        template: '@SonataUser/Block/account_dashboard.html.twig'
```
